# natas15--natas16
This script was designed for obtain natas15's password.
The program works with a kind of 'smart brute force' method. This method consist of a array of every alphanumeric character and pair of nested for loops. The first loop is  responsible for the password's lenght, that's why it's come for 0 to 64. The second one, sends the request with an SQLInjection in the Username's field. The SQLInjection adds to "SELECT * FROM users WHERE 'username='" the string 'natas16" AND password LIKE BINARY "'+testString+'%', this string allows to know if the username with an arbitrary password exists, at this point, the second loop assigns to 'testString' every character of the array and if the server's response is 'The user exist', the variable 'testString' increases its lenght +1 and repeat the add process until the response be 'The user exist' and the password is revelated.
This vulnerability can be prevented by sanitizing the entry. A way to do it (if we're using php) is with the filter "FILTER_SANITIZE_STRING", it's strip tags and HTML-encode double and single quotes, optionally strip or encode special characters. Another filter could be "FILTER_SANITIZE_FULL_SPECIAL_CHARS", this filter is aware of the default_charset and if a sequence of bytes is detected that makes up an invalid character in the current character set then the entire string is rejected resulting in a 0-length string. When using this filter as a default filter, see the warning below about setting the default flags to 0. This filters 
